Integrative Reflection Report. This report is the final report you submit on the date listed on the schedule below. This
report should be in 12-point Times New Roman font and be single spaced 1” margins. The report will be
divided into the five major sections. Please keep the number and the major sections underlined in your final
paper. Do not restate the questions. All sections must be completed to receive credit for the course. The
sections are defined below: (State the heading of each section underlined and include the numbers 1-9 for
the prompts.)
I. Purpose. Describe the organization at which you interned.
Entire section: One or 2 paragraphs.
II. Project OR Learning Activities--Description and Accomplishments. Describe your Project OR your Learning
Activities, your role in the organization/project; the activities you performed; the skills and knowledge you
acquired. What value did you contribute to the organization?
Write a description (2-3 job duties) related to the project or learning activities that can be added to your
resume.
Entire section: Minimum of 2-3 pages
III. Personal Reflection. In this section, you will reflect on your internship, Career Services/Career
Management Center virtual workshops you attended and the virtual business panel experience. Critically
evaluate how they informed your career and personal/professional development. Specifically, your reflection
must respond to the following questions:
1) What were your personal objectives when you started the internship? Did your internship meet your
personal expectations? Discuss if and how your goals and expectations were met. If not, what steps did
you take to achieve them?
2) What type of tasks did you discover that you enjoy or excel at completing? Which ones are less attractive
or fulfilling?
3) What did you learn about planning and implementing a task? What specific resources did you utilize to
improve the process? Based on your internship experience what specific planning and organizing skills did
you develop or hope to develop?
4) What did you learn about leading and managing people, based on your interaction with your site
supervisor and others in the organization? What specific leadership skills did you find to be important and how
would you effectively develop these skills in yourself and others?
5) Did you engage in evaluating and monitoring your own performance? What mechanisms will you use in
the future to evaluate and improve your performance?
6) Reflect on your own interaction as well as your observation of interactions within the organization.
What did you learn about your interpersonal skills (communication; building networks; collaboration; resolving
conflict), strengths and areas for improvement?
7) Based on your internship experience, what did you learn about workplace diversity? Was it present or
lacking? If present or lacking what were the benefits and challenges?
8) List the 5 career workshops you attended and outline how they helped you
advance your career and managerial competencies.
9) Discuss five major takeaways from the business panel presentation about starting
and/or advancing your career. ( also include as a separate page to submit to
Assignments.)
Entire section: Minimum of 5-6 pages
IV. Conclusion. Draw some general conclusions based on the internship, career workshops, and business panel
experience. Specifically, comment on the following:
1) Overall value you gained from the key components of the class: internship; career workshops; and
business panel.
2) Did this overall experience complement your classroom learning and knowledge?
Entire section: Minimum of 2 paragraphs
V. Elevator Pitch: Craft a 1-minute elevator pitch of your internship experience (approximately 200
words).
Appendices
Appendix A: Project or Learning Activity Contract
Course Project or Learning Activity Contract (Copies of original submitted to
Professor)
Appendix B: Proof of Completing Activities Only exception to not provide any evidence in Appendix B: If your proof is
considered to be confidential, have your supervisor complete the form “Confidentiality Statement from Supervisor Template
for Appendix B Final Report.” This form is posted on Canvas Modules.
