III. Personal Reflection. In this section, you will reflect on your internship, Career Services/Career
Management Center virtual workshops you attended and the virtual business panel experience. Critically
evaluate how they informed your career and personal/professional development. Specifically, your reflection
must respond to the following questions:
1) What were your personal objectives when you started the internship? Did your internship meet your
personal expectations? Discuss if and how your goals and expectations were met. If not, what steps did
you take to achieve them?
2) What type of tasks did you discover that you enjoy or excel at completing? Which ones are less attractive
or fulfilling?
3) What did you learn about planning and implementing a task? What specific resources did you utilize to
improve the process? Based on your internship experience what specific planning and organizing skills did
you develop or hope to develop?
4) What did you learn about leading and managing people, based on your interaction with your site
supervisor and others in the organization? What specific leadership skills did you find to be important and how
would you effectively develop these skills in yourself and others?
5) Did you engage in evaluating and monitoring your own performance? What mechanisms will you use in
the future to evaluate and improve your performance?
6) Reflect on your own interaction as well as your observation of interactions within the organization.
What did you learn about your interpersonal skills (communication; building networks; collaboration; resolving
conflict), strengths and areas for improvement?
7) Based on your internship experience, what did you learn about workplace diversity? Was it present or
lacking? If present or lacking what were the benefits and challenges?
8) List the 5 career workshops you attended and outline how they helped you
advance your career and managerial competencies.
9) Discuss five major takeaways from the business panel presentation about starting
and/or advancing your career. ( also include as a separate page to submit to
Assignments.